DOCSP-37108 Add Compass AI and Data Usage Info Page (#604)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/query-with-natural-language/ai-and-data-usage-information.txt

.. _compass-ai-data-usage:

=============================
AI and Data Usage Information
=============================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1

Querying with natural language in Compass is powered by Generative AI

> (Gen AI), and may give inaccurate responses. Please see our `Generative AI FAQ 

Reviewer: (nit -- wording)
Stylistically, we generally omit things like please and thank you. :) 

```suggestion
(Gen AI), and may give inaccurate responses. See our `Generative AI FAQ 
```

> <https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/faq-ai-features>`__ 

Reviewer: (question)
You wouldn't use the dochub link in our docs, right? Instead you'd link to where ever the dochub link is directing, no?

Author: This one is a little tricky, in terms of when each of these docs is published. I am not 100% on the timeline, so thats why I choose to use the dochub link here. Knowing that I could easily change the link when the docs were fully published. 

I think if we can coordinate the merge order as:
1. Relational Migrator
2. Compass 
3. Charts
4. Docs landing

Then I can update the link, I have seen a little usage of doc-hub links in our docs:

![Screenshot 2024-02-23 at 12 06 56 PM](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-compass/assets/85948430/9bf2ffd8-4167-41f0-9811-c4eec6f72dd0)

An added bonus would be that the 404 nightly checker could give us a heads up if any doc-hub links are 404ing. @sarah-olson-mongodb

for more information about Gen AI in MongoDB products.

Third Party Providers
---------------------

> This feature currently uses the `Azure OpenAI Service

Reviewer: (vale suggestion)
I like "now" over "currently". But up to you.

Author: I prefer currently in this as not to suggest the AI service has changed recently but is subject to change in future.

<https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/ai-services/openai-service>`__ 
hosted by Microsoft. 

How Your Data is Used
---------------------

> When you query with natural language in Compass, the schema of the 
> collection you are querying including the collection name, field names, 
> and types. 

Reviewer 2: What we have [approved from legal ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iHhXescsma0lkrSUQ49niehpJP1unehc4JkzgSuK5Xw/edit)is: 

```suggestion
When you query with natural language in Compass, the following information is sent to MongoDB’s backend and/or the third party AI provider:
* The schema of the collection you are querying (including collection name, field names, and types). 
```
Since until GA this will be a single bullet I'm okay with removing the bullet but the content needs to remain basically the same.

> and types. 

Reviewer: (something's missing)
I think we're missing a verb here? Is it "... collection you are querying INCLUDES the collection ..." 

Or:
The schema ... is shared with the Gen AI provider.

Author: This sounds right to me as is, this is suggesting the schema, the collection name field name and data types. I think the schema is this regard is referring to the data model, such as embedded documents that could influence query results. I.E. a find query vs a flat document vs a find query of embedded arrays etc.

> The information that is sent is not shared with any other third 

Reviewer: (rephrase for clarity)
I stumbled on this a little bit. Maybe slight tweak. Something like:
"The information sent to our AI provider is not shared ..."

Author: Updated.

> parties or stored by the AI provider. We do not send database 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parties or stored by the AI provider. We do not share database 
```

This is subjective, but I think "share" is a little clearer than "send".

> The information sent to our AI provider is not shared with any other 
> third parties or stored by the AI provider. We do not share database 
> connection strings, credentials, or raw data from your databases. 

Reviewer 2: The edit here changed the meaning in a way that's not exactly the same (this is not just about what is sent to the AI provide but what is sent to us, in general).  Sorry to again repeat but legal approved: 
```suggestion
The information that is sent will not be shared with any other third parties or stored by the AI provider. We do not send database connection strings, credentials, or rows/documents from your databases. 
```

Disable Natural Language Querying
---------------------------------

Natural language querying in Compass is available if you have 
enabled the :ref:`Compass Use Generative AI setting 
<enable-natural-language-querying>` and logged 
into Atlas. If you no longer want to use the feature, you can ignore it 
and no data will be sent to generative AI models. To prevent usage of 
this feature entirely, you can disable it in the 

> :ref:`global configuration file <config-file>`.

Reviewer: (suggestion)
Consider making these two options a bulleted list.

Author: Done.

.. _compass-ai-data-usage:

=============================
AI and Data Usage Information
=============================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1

Querying with natural language in Compass is powered by Generative AI
(Gen AI), and may give inaccurate responses. See our `Generative AI FAQ 
<https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/faq-ai-features>`__ 
for more information about Gen AI in MongoDB products.

Third Party Providers
---------------------

> This feature currently uses the `Azure OpenAI Service

Reviewer 2: Not a match to legal's edit (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iHhXescsma0lkrSUQ49niehpJP1unehc4JkzgSuK5Xw/edit): 
```suggestion
Querying with natural language in Compass currently uses the `Azure OpenAI Service
```
